So, we left things with this big to
do on line 35 to do and the game.
And we need to do better than that,
we need to show the user the results and
then we need to take them back to
the welcome screen once they exit.
So, let's add another value
less done equals false.
And then in here,
just change that to done equals true.
Done means that we've
answered all 10 rounds, and
we're ready to see what what happened.
And then inside our game container,
we need to represent that somehow.
Let's add an if done block,
And then add an else block.
I'm just gonna put all of this
await stuff inside the else
And inside here, we're gonna have
an element giving us our results.
Leaving that blank for
now because we don't have
a representation of the user school.
We're gonna have a message that pops up,
message goes here.
And we're gonna have a button
that takes us back to
the home screen, back to screen.
Okay, let's tackle this bit first.
We want to have a value that is
derived from the results array,
that represents how many
answers you got right.
And that's easy enough to do
using a reactive declaration.
We can do dollar colon score
= results dot filter for
the ones where x is right.
And then just grab the length of that.
That is going to be our score, and
we can replace the three
question marks with that.
And that should be in curly braces,
my bad.
For the message, we're gonna
wanna have a function that will
pick out a message that is customized
based on how the person did.
So let's create a thing, pick message
= P which is a value from zero to one,
where zero is you didn't get any right and
one is you got them, all right.
And let's import our pick random function
that we're using in the select module.
All that's gonna do you pass in an array,
and it will randomly select an item from
the array by choosing a random number and
multiplying it by the length of the array,
flooring that, and
then returning that element of the array.
Sleep and pick random, and
then we can implement our pick
message function like this,
if P is less than naught 0.5,
we can return a random
one of messages like,
ouch that wasn't very good.
Must try harder.
If they do up to 8 out of 10,
can give them more encouraging message?
Not bad, keep practicing
If they get up to the eight or nine,
Then good so close.
Almost there
Otherwise they got the top results.
So, return,
Something a little bit more celebrated,
you look flawless victory.
Okay, and
then we can use this function inside our
template replace this message
goes with pick message,
And then school divided by results.length
is gonna give us a value between 0 and 1,
That is pretty much everything,
except that we need
to add an event handler
when we click the button.
We're gonna do dispatch,
Oops, having some trouble
with the meeting software,
dispatcher restart event.
It's under strain that in yellow
because dispatch has not yet
been defined, so
we need to do the same thing once again.
Import create event
dispatcher from svelte.
And create the dispatch function.
And just to bring things
full circle inside app,
when we hear the restart event
coming from the game component,
we just set the state of the app
as a whole back to welcome.
Okay, and
we can check that this is working by,
I'm just gonna turn this
down to say three rounds.
And then we'll go through
a three round game.
Let's say Anthony Michael Hall?
Yes, was it David Herman?
No, voice of Siri, wow,
that's gonna be worth something crazy.
Okay, so it's given us our done screen.
And now if we click on
back to main screen and
hopefully it's gonna take us back
to the welcome screen and it does